Sidecar: add method to set IP addresses (#271)
ipfs/testground: docs/NETWORKING.md

# Networking

All testground runners _except_ for the local runner have two networks: a
control and a data network.

* Test instances communicate with each other over the data network.
* Test instances communicate with the sync service, and _only_ the sync service,
  over the control network.

> The local runner will use your machines local network interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local runner will use your machine's local network interfaces. For now, this runner doesn't support traffic shaping.
```

# Networking

All testground runners _except_ for the local runner have two networks: a
control and a data network.

* Test instances communicate with each other over the data network.
* Test instances communicate with the sync service, and _only_ the sync service,
  over the control network.
  
The local runner will use your machines local network interfaces.

## Control Network

> The "control network" runs on 192.168.0.1/16 and should only be used to

Reviewer 2: @Stebalien could you also update `infra/docker-swarm/ansible/roles/testground-services/tasks/main.yaml` with the IPAM, when you are about to merge this?
